welcome once again to another edition of
reckless eating show I'd say I can't be
sure it's we need an ice cream show need
an ice cream show we have another
limited edition dryers Grande ice cream
and this one is coffee and cookies
delight and has let's see coffee ice
cream with chocolate II covered cookie
pieces it looks really weird on them
yeah on the picture or whatever I don't
are you coffee person no I'm same here I
just don't I tried a few times in my
life I had an ex that would insist that
Starbucks was like the best in like you
don't you don't like off you love
Starbucks hated okay like their hot
chocolate
good yeah they'd like some some weird
gimmicky ones for like Christmas every
the night why are you using a plastic
spoon just wash the dishes all right I
got some I looks as an odd brown color
to it that's weird
it's not like anything you got this you
got this
use those dicking skills just don't feel
like havoc and trying to smash the
goddamn fake man a little hard until
it's been sitting yeah I mean freezer
for a while he shattered the spoon Oh
eyes go for it
it basically and first it tasted good
yeah and then the heavy coffee flavor
kicked in oh my god it's so coffee ish
yeah not a fan it's so weird to Trixie
with the thinking like oh yeah okay
Oh chocolatey thing going on and then Oh
coffee
straight coffee like the beans when you
go down the aisle for coffee
yeah that's smell if you like you like
if you like coffee then this is for you
this is definitely a calm but I'm not a
fan of coffee I don't drink coffee
at all so this to me would be this is
disgusting this is not this is not for
me no this is definite hi one out of
five this is a luxury zombie apocalypse
I don't need to do this drunk I came
across it I go there's a freezer that's
still working in the song people and
there's such a rare occurrence yes I'll
give it a one two this I mean like said
it if you enjoy coffee then this is for
you but it's not for me so so there you
go they have this at I believe stater
brothers and also Walmart you can check
it out there and they come join us for
this edition of blue shorts we'll see
you next time